hello it's Ruby and today I've decided
to vlog so sorry I haven't actually
brushed my hair yet
it's about 8:20 and I woke up about at
8:00 because I've been a little bit ill
over the past week and I went to bed
quite late as well last night so I
wanted to get eight hours so I decided
to sleep in until eight o'clock this
morning my goal for today is to finish
my health term homework because I also
got my off-time homework done it means I
can focus on revision so I kind of want
to be at that point
[Music]
I've had breakfast and I've done a phone
call the phone call that I needed to
make now I'm going to write an essay and
this one is on interfaith dialogue and
it's for the pluralism and society
religious studies topic so we've been
given a new essay structure just to try
and so I planned it last night and now
I'm going to write it according to that
Ashley structure the reason that I'm
doing with notes is because this is the
first pluralism and society essay which
I have done and so with the first one I
usually like to use my notes and then my
second I'll start to stop using notes
obviously that's homework as well so
like I said I wouldn't get one of my
half-time homework done
so doing that first oh one other thing
whilst I'm talking about RS I have made
an RS a level themed Twitter so this was
something that my RS teacher actually
recommended we do as part of our iment
activities for upper sex and so I
decided to make one last week and it's
called at Cartesian underscore finds so
like yeah you got the kind of
philosophical reference there and when I
come across resources which you could
use for one of the topics I'm just going
to literally like leave a link and even
if you're not doing the RS a level I
think some of these links and things are
really interesting because I retweet and
kind of post little videos and book
recommendations so if you're interested
in philosophy ethics and theology at all
you might find this a useful Twitter so
it's 11:00 and I still haven't finished
this essay I don't know where it's
taking me so long
so obviously this essay is not going to
be at all reflective of what I'm going
to be able to achieve it in an
examination context but I'm just writing
the essay in terms of kind of everything
I can always go back and kind of cut out
things that perhaps aren't so necessary
I haven't even finished it yet and it's
12 o'clock it's now the afternoon that's
good afternoon Ruby
so I did finally finish my essay and now
we are about to do
little rat sticks and photographs so
I've got a few outfits that I am going
to change into you and we're going to
take a series of photographs they'll
probably take about 20 minutes until you
tool to do and then these are photos
that I use for Instagram and thumbnails
and this is the pop it on by the way so
mum films all of my look books and I
know that you actually got to get some
compliments mum on your filming skills
so you the top is from bird in the sky
and the shoes but then the cardigan is
the white company
it's just so when I got back home from
Sainsbury's a lot later but I was doing
some chemistry questions and this wasn't
homework this was just organic revision
and I tried to make my desk look as a
static as possible just for the purpose
of this video
[Music]
so it's not a lot later and I'm sorry
that I've been really inconsistent in
vlogging but at the moment I'm just
packing for my English trip tomorrow so
we are going to France to go on a kind
of birdsong trip really so we're
visiting I'm you are and then we're
going to the front line we're going to
be looking at the trenches in France it
should be a really great trip and it
will time really well with the a-level
and we're only gone for two days so it's
one night and two days and we leave at
5:15 tomorrow morning and we get back at
about 10:00 p.m. the next day so I've
got quite a lot of stuff that I brand in
terms of clothes just because it's gonna
be so cold I think it's someone like one
degree Celsius blast with that I thought
that I quickly you kind of do a pact
with me behind the video and yes I'm in
my pajamas already these wasn't like
hath gets dimmer that I got for
Christmas
and I love them so much so um first one
I'm going to put one of my underwear in
to this little drawstring bag bags and
I'm using is this so much as my mum's
and it's caskets didn't we can bag so
I'm just gonna pop that in the next
thing is my actual clothes so I've
really laid out the things that I am
going to be wearing on the coach whilst
we're traveling so it's only really one
outfit of my pajamas so so the pajamas
I'm bringing of these ones from Muji
which are pair of Navy button-up ones
and I'm going to be putting everything
into one of these travel packing cubes
which from Muji and they're really good
I've got these two point held t-shirts
and these are both from Jonny Bowden
this kind of brownie gray color and then
this blue colour and I bring these
because I've really worn then I've got a
turtleneck top from Abercrombie I've got
this cardigan from Abercrombie again
just a normal white cardigan and then
I've also got these this pair of black
jeans
that's all of my plates in there I'm not
can go against it back and then I've
also got this really nice warm jumper
from super dry
okay so you get really cold then next
I'm gonna get you my toiletries quickly
I've got my travel toothbrush some
toothpaste a hand sanitizer two lip
balms I can see their two hair ties
I do Jones so the next thing that I'm
bringing is Dettol surface cleaning
wipes I like to bring leaves just in
case something isn't that clean so then
I also got some food so you might have
seen that earlier we went to Sainsbury's
and I just picked up some snacks so I
leave eating bees into this water stain
side first thing I got with some
chocolate brioche then we got some dark
chocolate coated corn sins and these are
some of my favorite snacks I really
and then lastly I got some dried mango
and I also need to put my water bottle
in here so I'm gonna go and get that
obviously though I'm going to have to
fill this up before we leave so then the
next up I've got is school up and I'm
going to be putting this into this
public pouch so the first key things are
just magazines so I'm bringing my latest
National Geographic on my latest New
Yorker and then I've got a notebook I've
got two books here and well I'm bringing
three books but I've got these two but
this book is going to be kind of onion
be holding it and this is God is not
great by Christopher Hitchens then the
other two books so I'm bringing our the
Prophet by Kahlil Gibran and why I am so
clever by Frederick nish by Nietzsche
sorry
lastly I've got some flashcards because
I think it's always useful to bring some
flashcards with you and especially cuz
we're on a coach we've got quite a long
coach journey so I think this might be
quite useful and then I've also got my
travel pencil case there we go there's a
little my school back then I've got this
travel handbag which I'm going to be
using if we had off the coach at any
point and I need to bring a few things
with me
first of all I've got my passport also
my phone and also my money
Oh socks I completely flip up and socks
okay I've got these three pairs of socks
here so yes that's everything and now
I'm not sure if I will vlog at all
Pharisee evening but it's hard six